Haaa...Oh my god, oh my god.
See? You're just copying me at this one.
So solitary. Solitary. That's all you play? You play solitary?
You play spider?
Haa haaa
All you do..(***) spider. You never get bored of it
You don't have a console?
It was classical.. Ah you got
What's (***) What's your plan?
you
Haaa
Oh! Yeah, you see him all the time.
that's not a compliment
Hey, don't use that.
Hey, you piss me off...Haaaa
Haaan!
Yeah, I don't know what you're capable of.
Really!
Why can't you do it for me, please? Please, please, please.
Can you do it. Because I don't see her anymore.
Ha haaa
Haa haaaa
No she can't. She enjoy!...Uh...haaan
Yeah
Haaa haaa I've gone now
What have I done? I'm gonna go.
You serious right now? No. You seem like you've gotten a referral.
Uh um
it's just like...haa haaa
No
Ha haaa
So you basically play to pass the time. You don't play to enjoy.
I just got booed
Bull...Bullseye
Ok..So you don't pay attention..anytime
You just said you play Spider-Man.
So you're play..you play spider leg
Talk to your friends at business...Oh right
Oh! I'm wrong.
Ha Haaa...I do, I do.
I feel hilarious.
so
So what you want to talk about? Games, right?
I love Games
I just told you, I tell you, it's like Zelda...
Press it a while. No you don't have to try (***)
Yeah they (***)
Yeah..(***) Uh!
PS4 Xbox
Uhhh..
Oh!
You give me, take me vibes.
Pikmin. Pikmin! Pikmin! You called me a Pikmi?
No, you're a Pikmin. You seem like you play Pikmin.
Dude, yours is pretty boring. Haaan?
Up to you...No, Uh.,,,No it's up to you.
I don't know.
Yeah I guess
Just got a....
Dude, you still live in the house. You live with your parents, bro. You're like...
Oh man, I got bent. I aced it. I got my head.
Just buy the game, dude.
You will need to play it for just one week.
I'm busy...Ha haa...I'm a busy person.
Haaa..well I feel like do you make time to enjoy life
Ok so..ha haaa
Right..Oh man, I gotta go to school, then I gotta go to jail.
I gotta go, see my (***)
(***) I gotta go to the hospital
Hmmm...Gotto go...Are you?
Ha haaa
Yeah, he seemed physically able.
But not mentally.